Breaking News.
After losing his voice from the sound monster attacks,
Santa has hired a substitute to work in his place while he undergoes hospital treatment.
We wait in anticipation to see if the specially employed substitute Santa
will be able to spread joy to children all around the world.
Let’s get ready
Huh?
What, what again
Oh gosh
(It’s Christmas Eve)
The overnight snow is pretty for just a second
Romantic? Not
Look how fast the selfish cars made it turn black
It's even hard to walk in, it's not a snowfield, it's a mud flat
My pants are wet to the knee
After walking for a bit, I topple over
I used to wish it would be special on this special day
But not anymore, I only hope nothing ever happens
As I lay around at home, my eyes get swollen
Will the snowman that I made yesterday be okay?
Ouch, that stings
Cut by the biting wind snikt snikt
Brrr trembling voice
What do you mean colorful, I can't see anything
Cough cough cough I cough while rapping
Jack Frost coming for y’all, run run
The holiday that freezes us to the bone, silence
There’s nothing special
Why did everyone wait for so long?
Christmas EveL
(Merry Christmas)
Jingle jingle jingle all the way
You got me spinning
Turning round and round and round
Christmas on the ice
Risky and chaotic
I don’t need no presents
Crossing out X-MAS
It’s getting colder, I’m burning my anxiety, not firewood
Thanks to the slippery road, there’s more traffic. Thanks so much, winter
I can see my breath, my nose turns red
Only the parts I dressed up in layers are hot
What are you shy about? eh Your ears turned red (Oh man)
Who says it's sparkling bright, your eyes must be steamy - pretty good quality filter
Oh move out of the way out of the way, when you squeeze your snowed on coat there go 5 liters
I hate to see those people who stick to each other because it's cold
I don't get a single call, only junk messages. I hate everyone
Jack Frost coming for y’all, run run
The holiday that freezes us to the bone, silence
There’s nothing special
Why did everyone wait for so long?
Christmas EveL
(Merry Christmas)
Jingle jingle jingle all the way
You got me spinning
Turning round and round and round
Christmas on the ice
Risky and chaotic
I don’t need no presents
Crossing out X-MAS
I secretly tiptoe onto the chimney
Gyro Drop thud reality check Christmas EveL
Why aren’t you sleeping?
One, two
Step Out
Hello
We are Stray Kids
Do you know us?
You’re not Santa!
Feliz Navidad Feliz Navidad
I can feel the evil coming but Felix, never bad
Today is a special day, no one can steal it
Shadows are taking over me
Let me sing a Christmas song
Feliz Navidad (Ho Ho Ho)
Feliz Navidad (Christmas EveL)
Feliz Navidad
(It’s Christmas Eve)
Let’s get ready